Closes #362 (#381)
Roche/crmPack: NEWS.md

# Version 1.0.9000.9087

> * Created a new vignette which describes how to use certain functions and features
>   of the `crmPack`, which changed after package's general cleanup. Added chapter
>   about `dose` and `prob` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Created a new vignette which describes how to use certain functions and features
  of `crmPack` after the major refactoring.
```
